Hello, I am applying for financial aid so that I can take the second course in the Web Design For Everyone Specialization. I recently immigrated over to the USA so I could be with my fiance, however legally I am not allowed to work or be employed by an American Company, so I have been looking into learning how to code so I could develop my skills and employability in a career where I don't have to be in my home country to do. I had received financial aid for the first part in the course, Introduction to HTML5, loved and completed it, and had the intention of paying for the next parts of the specialization, but COVID-19 really changed how much money we would have spare. My partner has to support both mine and her living on a single income and with the pandemic happening, I don't know how long she is going to keep her job. The quicker I can finish these courses the faster I can start earning money from across the sea to be the rock my partner needs during this crisis.

I really think completing An Introduction to CSS will help me achieve my career goals as it's a necessity in learning how to be a fully adapt coder. The first part of the course, An Introduction to HTML5 taught me an incredible amount of knowledge on HTML5 and really helped set me up on the trajectory of success. With all the reading materials and well guided video lectures I learnt a lot quicker than I expected, and am very eager to keep the momentum going. I have been trying to keep up the pace of the lessons by repeatedly using what I was taught to make my own little passion projects to add to a portfolio when finished, which is already growing larger and will be the perfect companion pieces alongside the certificates upon completing the courses, to show to future employers. I really want to take this course and the subsequent ones so that I can have a consistent learning experience taught by knowledgeable lecturers.  

Unfortunately due to the COVID-19 outbreak and the unpredictableness of when my partner is allowed back to work, I won't be able to sign on to any payment schemes or loans, as she is already paying for everything and we're afraid with the outbreak that she might also lose her job. This is why its also so important that I can learn how to code, so that I can offer a safety net in case the social distancing and reduced-to-none work hours keep going on indefinitely